README.md, before:

# Yet Another Campfire Saving

[S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly) has a campfire saving mode for players seeking an extra challenge, but the vanilla implementation has some annoying shortcomings.

There are a number of custom addons trying to address the issues with campfire saving, but they all leave something to be desired.

This is where **YACS™** steps in, with faction base support and emergency save and quit feature.

## Features

* **You can now save within neutral and friendly bases**, as long as you are protected from emissions.
* After five minutes of gameplay, you will be awarded a **Mommy Token** that allows you to quickly save and quit.
* Campfires need to be lit before you can save. Carry matchboxes.
* Nearby campfire detection radius is extended, so you can save without burning your feet.
* High compatibility. Plays nicely with vanilla campfire mode _and_ without it.
* New game is not needed. You can activate campfire saving on an existing "standard" game.
* You can safely deactivate campfire saving by removing the addon from a standard game. Ya noob.
* You can turn campfire mode on and off on the fly via [MCM](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/anomaly-mod-configuration-menu).

### Base Saving

Vanilla campfire saving mode does not allow you to save within safe bases. When you come back home from a long day, you have too look for a campfire
or a bed within the base to be able to save. YACS looks at the smart terrains list in vanilla configs and tries to determine if you are near a base
location friendly to your character's faction. If you are in an enclosed base building that provides protection from emissions, you are allowed
to save freely without a nearby campfire. Now you can save in Skadovsk before you unload your hard-earned loot at Owl's place.

*Optional:* Other factions will allow you to save in their bases as long as you have neutral or good relations with them. As a Loner, you can now
save in Freedom base if you haven't pissed them off.

### Mommy Token

Free saving feature to accommodate players with limited or irregular screen time.
If you have a kid/cat/dog/rock to take care of, you are a Mommy (or a Daddy) and you should be able to switch from hardcore
stalker mode to hardcore mommy mode at a moment's notice. After five minutes of gameplay, YACS awards a free Mommy Token 
(or a Daddy Token, configurable) which allows you to save and quit without a nearby campfire and let you attend Real Life™ issues without losing
progress. Just hit <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>F5</kbd> and go stop your kid eating from the cat's litterbox.

Emergency saving feature is also supported in Agony Mode and Timer Mode, even when campfire saving is not active.

Commit message:

Bind sanctuary saving to MCM.
Also include documentation, add resource strings and update plumbing.

README.md, after:

# Yet Another Campfire Saving

[S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly) has a campfire saving mode for players seeking an extra challenge, but the vanilla implementation has some annoying shortcomings.

There are a number of custom addons trying to address the issues with campfire saving, but they all leave something to be desired.

This is where **YACS™** steps in, with faction base support and emergency save and quit feature.

## Features

* **You can now save within neutral and friendly bases**, as long as you are protected from emissions.
* After five minutes of gameplay, you will be awarded a **Mommy Token** that allows you to quickly save and quit.
* Campfires need to be lit before you can save. Carry matchboxes.
* Nearby campfire detection radius is extended, so you can save without burning your feet.
* High compatibility. Plays nicely with vanilla campfire mode _and_ without it.
* New game is not needed. You can activate campfire saving on an existing "standard" game.
* You can safely deactivate campfire saving by removing the addon from a standard game. Ya noob.
* You can turn campfire mode on and off on the fly via [MCM](https://www.moddb.com/mods/stalker-anomaly/addons/anomaly-mod-configuration-menu).

### Base Saving

Vanilla campfire saving mode does not allow you to save within safe bases. When you come back home from a long day, you have too look for a campfire
or a bed within the base to be able to save. YACS looks at the smart terrains list in vanilla configs and tries to determine if you are near a base
location friendly to your character's faction. If you are in an enclosed base building that provides protection from emissions, you are allowed
to save freely without a nearby campfire. Now you can save in Skadovsk before you unload your hard-earned loot at Owl's place.

*Optional:* Other factions will allow you to save in their bases as long as you have neutral or good relations with them. As a Loner, you can now
save in Freedom base if you haven't pissed them off.

### Sanctuary Saving

There are some powerful individuals in the Zone and even though their places of residence do not technically count as "bases", they will offer you 
shelter if they are not downright hostile. Offering two levels of difficulty.  

### Mommy Token

Free saving feature to accommodate players with limited or irregular screen time.
If you have a kid/cat/dog/rock to take care of, you are a Mommy (or a Daddy) and you should be able to switch from hardcore
stalker mode to hardcore mommy mode at a moment's notice. After five minutes of gameplay, YACS awards a free Mommy Token 
(or a Daddy Token, configurable) which allows you to save and quit without a nearby campfire and let you attend Real Life™ issues without losing
progress. Just hit <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>F5</kbd> and go stop your kid eating from the cat's litterbox.

Emergency saving feature is also supported in Agony Mode and Timer Mode, even when campfire saving is not active.
